Updated contents for class13 (#14)
HackYourFuture-CPH/databases: lesson3/README.md

# Lesson 3: Data Models, Relationships, and Schemas

> In the final week, the students will be introduced to SQL injection and how to use MySQL permissions to avoid it. MongoDB, as an example of a non-relational database, will also be introduced, as well as the benefits and drawbacks of relational and non-relational models.

Reviewer: This one is a little tough. We should definitely explain and demonstrate SQL injections, but the part about how to really avoid it is super difficult to explain when they haven't had nodejs yet :thinking: 

The wording around user permissions should probably be reworked, since it doesn't really prevent injections but only limits the potential damage. Still very important to explain of course.

How about something like this?

```suggestion
In the final week, the students will be introduced to SQL injections and common security practices around MySQL permissions. MongoDB, as an example of a non-relational database, will also be introduced, as well as the benefits and drawbacks of relational and non-relational models.
```

Author: The way you wrote it is much better, thank you! :D

> Objective: the students should know how SQL injection happens, and how to define user permissions in MySQL to avoid part of it. The students should also be able to compare and contrast relational (like MySQL) and NoSQL databases (considering their benefits and drawbacks).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Objective: the students should know how SQL injections happen, and how to define user permissions in MySQL to limit the potential damage that can be done with a SQL injection. The students should also be able to compare and contrast relational (like MySQL) and NoSQL databases (considering their benefits and drawbacks).
```

## Pre-Class Readings

Also, please read the following pages that explains the ACID database model and connecting to MySQL from node.
- [The ACID Database Model](https://www.thoughtco.com/the-acid-model-1019731)
- [Why you should never use MongoDB](http://www.sarahmei.com/blog/2013/11/11/why-you-should-never-use-mongodb)

## Main Topics

- Security
    - SQL Injection
    - User GRANTS
- Introduction to non-relational data with MongoDB
    - MongoDB vs. SQL
    - Create/Drop database
    - Insert/Update/Delete data
    - Query data
    - Relationships: embedded vs. referenced
    - Replication and sharding
    - Atomicity

## Reference Material

- [OWASP on SQL Injection](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/SQL_injection)
- [Parameter Validation on Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parameter_validation)
- [Node MySQL Escaping Query Values](https://github.com/mysqljs/mysql#escaping-query-values)
- [Node MySQL Preparing Queries (automatic escaping)](https://github.com/mysqljs/mysql#preparing-queries)

> - [MySQL SHOW GRANTS](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.7/en/show-grants.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [MySQL SHOW GRANTS](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/show-grants.html)
```
